# Business-Analytics-Training-in-Malaysia
Big data and analytics play a key role as organizations begin their digital transformation journey. Enterprises across industries such as manufacturing, retail, banking, and telco are looking for advanced predictive analytics solutions to better manage machinery, fraud cases, customer satisfaction, and customer expectations. Organizations in Malaysia have started to prioritize analytics solutions to make strategic decisions in their business processes.  Currently, there is an increasing amount of unstructured data gathered from various channels such as social media, company websites and contact centers by enterprises in Malaysia. Enterprises are tapping into these internal resources and are inclined to use analytics to analyze these data to create useful information. Visual analytics, which has great potential to impact business processes, are taking the lead in Malaysia because of its functionalities to support the analytic workflow, provide immediate access to readily consume analytics, and enable non-IT staff to analyze, visualize, share, and review data.  Big data and analytics are no longer uncommon in Malaysia, and many organizations have started to accept this technology these days. By using analytic capabilities, organizations will be able to run its business operations, improve the overall customer experience, and expand its product and services offering, by increasing their competitive advantage over other existing competitors in the market.  Software vendors and its channel ecosystem play an important role in driving the adoption of big data technology among enterprises of various sizes and industries in Malaysia. Some local banks and hospitals have adopted IBM Watson into their organization to improve customer services in the banking sector and provide medical assistance to doctors for cancer treatment in the healthcare sector respectively.  As data is now the new business currency and the key to the growth for enterprises, there will be an increase in the need for customization, options for deployment method, consultation, and incorporation of cognitive computing capabilities in software solution offerings to guide enterprises in their big data technology adoption journey.  Big Data Analytics [BDA] is no longer a futuristic abstract concept but is something that is already happening today. In an increasingly hyper-connected world, the possibilities of big data continue to evolve rapidly to grab the vast opportunities that BDA has to offer.  With the implementation of the big data analytics solutions, governments, businesses and the people can gain much-needed feedback and precious insights that can tremendously improve the decision-making process. Digital Malaysia has identified big data as a major catalytic area to drive these results. The quantitative study aspires to discuss various issues related to big data analytics by tracing the research trends in Malaysia. The data science certification course is well suited for the participants at all levels of experience, by creating an increase in demand for skilled data scientists. This course is best suited for:  Professionals in IT, looking for a change in career into data analytics, Software developers, looking for a change in career into data analytics, Professionals who are already working in business intelligence &amp; reporting, Mathematicians, statisticians and economists, Six Sigma consultants, who have statistics exposure, Graduates looking to build a career path in analytics and data science and Anyone who have genuine interest in the business analytics. There are no prerequisites for this training course. This is the best course to start with if you are new in the field of data science.      
